Add doc (#11684)
flutter/website: src/content/release/breaking-changes/navigator-complete-route.md

---
title: When a route is removed from the stack, associated futures must complete
description: >
  Before this breaking change, routes created by Navigator and awaited for
  results could never complete if the route was removed instead of popped.
---

## Summary

When routes are pushed, developers can await them to be notified when they are
popped. However, this didn't work when they were removed because the associated
future was never completed.

## Context

All Navigator methods that call `remove` had this issue. By using `complete`,
the issue is properly resolved, allowing developers to pass a result.

## Description of change

All Navigator methods have been updated to no longer call `remove` but instead
use `complete`. Context menus are now built from the `contextMenuBuilder`
parameter.

All methods that directly use `complete` now accept an optional `result`
parameter to return it to the associated future. Other methods that indirectly

> use `remove` currently return `null`. In the future, we may extend these

Reviewer: ```suggestion
use `remove` currently return `null`. In the future, we might extend these
```

methods with an optional callback function to allow developers to handle pop

> logic in indirect scenarios (e.g., `removeUntil`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
logic in indirect scenarios (such as `removeUntil`).
```

> ## Migration guide

Reviewer 2: Could we provide code examples before and after?

Author: Done

> For developers who implemented `RouteTransitionRecord` and used `markForRemove`,
> they need to use `markForComplete` instead. `markForRemove` is now deprecated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you implemented `RouteTransitionRecord` and used `markForRemove`,
you need to use `markForComplete` instead. `markForRemove` is now deprecated.
```
